feat(tree): IgxTree documentation topic (#2719)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/tree.md

### Finding Nodes
You can find a specific node within IgxTree by using the [findNodes]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#findNodes) method.  It returns an array of nodes, which match the specified data.
When finding nodes, you can pass a custom comparer function in order to find the data.
```html
<igx-tree>
	<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let nodes of data" [data]="node" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(node)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(node)">
		{{ node.text }}
		<img [src]="node.image" alt="node.imageAlt" />
		<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let child of node.children" [data]="child" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(child)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(child)">
      {{ child.text }}
		</igx-tree-node>
	</igx-tree-node>
</igx-tree>
```
```typescript
export class MyTreeViewComponent {
  public data: { [key: string]: any, valueKey: string } = MY_DATA;
  @ViewChild(IgxTreeComponent, { read: IgxTreeComponent })
  public tree;

  findNode(valueKey: string) {
    const comparer: (nodeData: any, node: IgxTreeNodeComponent) => boolean =
      (data: any, node: IgxTreeNodeComponent) => nodeData.valueKey === data;
    this.tree.findData(valueKey, comparer);
  }
}
```
### Templating

> To create a custom node template within igx-tree, declare `<ng-template>`. From the template you can access the implicitly provided context variable, with properties that give you information about the node. 

Reviewer: Emphasis on the part where the template needs to be within the tree ('cause if someone puts a `igxTreeNodeLink` directive, it has to have a provider for tree). The seconds sentence is applicable for any templates, should be omitted IMO
```suggestion
To create a reusable template for your nodes, declare `<ng-template>`  **within `igx-tree`**. 
```

```html

>  <igx-tree>

Reviewer: Example should have more levels of hierarchy. If you're referencing a template only once, might as well not use one.

    <igx-tree-node #node>
        <ng-template *ngTemplateOutlet="nodeTemplate; context { $implicit: node }">
        </ng-template>
    </igx-tree-node>
    <ng-template #nodeTemplate let-node>
        <igx-combo type="line" [(ngModel)]="node.CompanyName" [displayKey]="'CompanyName'" [data]="data" width="220px"></igx-combo>
    </ng-template>
</igx-tree>
```

> Additionally, by using the [expandIndicator]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#expandIndicator) input you have the ability to set a custom template to be used for rendering the expand/collapse indicators of nodes.

Reviewer: It's actually advisable (since we're going for a declarative-first approach) to pass the template w/ `[igxTreeExpandIndicator]` directive:
```html
<igx-tree>
    <igx-tree-node *ngFor="let node of data" [data]="node">
    </igx-tree-node>
    <ng-template igxTreeExpandIndicator let-expanded>
        <igx-icon>{{ expanded ? 'expand_less' : 'expand_more' }}</igx-icon>
    </ng-template>
</igx-tree>
```

## Selection

> In order to setup node selection in the igx-tree, you just need to set its selection property. This property accepts the following three modes: **None**, **Bi-State** and **Cascading**. Below we will take a look at each of them in more detail.

Reviewer: Link to selection property
```suggestion
In order to setup node selection in the `igx-tree`, you just need to set its [selection]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#selection) property. This property accepts the following three modes: **None**, **Bi-State** and **Cascading**. Below we will take a look at each of them in more detail.

```

### None

> In the igx-tree by default node selection is disabled. So you can not select or deselect a row through interaction with the Tree UI, the only way to complete these actions is to use the provided API method.

Reviewer: Reword a bit, sounds too limiting
```suggestion
In the igx-tree by default node selection is disabled. Users cannot select or deselect a row through UI interaction, but these actions can still be completed through the provided API method.
```

 - <kbd>Ctrl + Arrow Up</kbd> - navigates to the previous visible node. Does nothing if on the FIRST node
 - <kbd>Arrow Left</kbd> - on an expanded parent node, collapses it. If on a child node, moves to its parent node.
 - <kbd>Arrow Right</kbd> - on an expanded parent node, navigates to the first child of the node. If on a collapsed parent node, expands it.
 - <kbd>Home</kbd> - navigates to the FIRST node
 - <kbd>End</kbd> - navigates to the LAST visible node
 - <kbd>Tab</kbd> - navigates to the next focusable element on the page, outside of the tree
 - <kbd>Shift + Tab</kbd> - navigates to the previous focusable element on the page, outside of the tree
 - <kbd>Space</kbd> - toggles selection of the current node. Marks the node as active.
 - <kbd>Enter</kbd> - activate the focused node. If the node has link in it, open the link
 - <kbd>*</kbd> - expand the node and all sibling nodes on the same level

When selection is enabled, end-user selection of nodes is only allowed through the rendered checkbox. Since both selection types allow multiple selection, the following mouse + keyboard interaction is available

>  - <kbd>Click</kbd> - toggles selection of the node if selection is enabled. Otherwise, focuses the node

Reviewer: This is a bit misleading, since `Click` on the node header **does not** select it.

---
title: Angular Tree Component - Ignite UI for Angular
_description: With Ignite UI for Angular Tree component, you can display hierarchical data in a tree-view structure, customize nodes easily and load data on demand. Try for FREE

> _keywords: angular tree, angular tree component, ignite ui for angular, UI controls, infragistics

Reviewer 2: Has @aatanasov2 gone through the title, description and keywords?

Reviewer 3: @kdinev He reviewed the entire topic. Actually, title and description are modified as per his suggestions. In regards to the key words, he didn`t leave any comments so we assumed that they are fine.

Reviewer 4: @kacheshmarova @kdinev meta keywords tags are no longer used by the major search engines. that's why I didn't comment there. I tend not to use meta keywords at all, but the list like the above ( 1-2 generic + 1-2 branded terms) is the best approach.

Reviewer 2: @aatanasov2 I changed the wording in a few places in the article. Could you take a look at the last commit I've done to ensure I haven't messed anything up?

Reviewer 4: @kdinev all good with the changes

				<a igxTreeNodeLink href="child.url" target="_blank">
                    {{ child.text }}
                </a>
		</igx-tree-node>
	</igx-tree-node>
</igx-tree>
```
### Node Interactions
IgxTree provides the following API methods for node interactions:
- [**expand**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#expand) - expands the node
- [**collapse**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#collapse) - collapses the node
- [**toggle**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#toggle) - toggles node expansion state
- [**collapseAll**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#collapseAll) - collapses the specified nodes. If no nodes are passed, collapses all parent nodes.
- [**expandAll**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#expandAll) - sets the specified nodes as expanded. If no nodes are passed, expands all parent nodes.
- [**deselectAll**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#deselectAll) - deselects all nodes. If a nodes array is passed, deselects only the specified nodes. Does not emit nodeSelection event.

### Finding Nodes

> You can find a specific node within IgxTree by using the [findNodes]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#findNodes) method.  It returns an array of nodes, which match the specified data.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
You can find a specific node within IgxTree by using the [findNodes]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#findNodes) method. It returns an array of nodes, which match the specified data.
```

When finding nodes, you can pass a custom comparer function in order to find the data.
```html
<igx-tree>
	<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let nodes of data" [data]="node" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(node)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(node)">
		{{ node.text }}
		<img [src]="node.image" alt="node.imageAlt" />
		<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let child of node.children" [data]="child" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(child)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(child)">
            {{ child.text }}
		</igx-tree-node>
	</igx-tree-node>
</igx-tree>
```
```typescript
export class MyTreeViewComponent {
  public data: { [key: string]: any, valueKey: string } = MY_DATA;
  @ViewChild(IgxTreeComponent, { read: IgxTreeComponent })
  public tree;

  findNode(valueKey: string) {
    const comparer: (nodeData: any, node: IgxTreeNodeComponent) => boolean =
      (data: any, node: IgxTreeNodeComponent) => nodeData.valueKey === data;
    this.tree.findData(valueKey, comparer);
  }
}
```
### Templating
To create a reusable template for your nodes, declare `<ng-template>` **within `igx-tree`**. 
```html
 <igx-tree>
    <igx-tree-node #myNode *ngFor="let node of data" [data]="node">

>         <ng-template *ngTemplateOutlet="nodeTemplate; context { $implicit: myNode }">

Reviewer: Implementation is incorrect.
With the template being:
```html
<ng-template #nodeTemplate let-node>
        <igx-combo type="line" [(ngModel)]="node.CompanyName" [displayKey]="'CompanyName'" [data]="data" width="220px"></igx-combo>
</ng-template>
```
`node.CompanyName` would be `undefined` when passing `myNode`, as `myNode` is not the data, it's a reference to the `IgxTreeNodeComponent<any>`. The combo would also have no values selected, as its `ngModel` should be bound to an array.

I suggest you go with the following example snippet, so that it's easier for users to unders:
```html
<igx-tree>
    <igx-tree-node *ngFor="let node of data" [data]="node">
        <ng-template *ngTemplateOutlet="#nodeTemplate; context: { $implicit: data }"></ng-template>
        <igx-tree-node *ngFor="let child of node.ChildCompanies" [data]="child">
            <ng-template *ngTemplateOutlet="#nodeTemplate; context: { $implicit: child}"></ng-template>
        </igx-tree-node>
    </igx-tree-node>
    <ng-template #nodeTemplate let-data>
        <div class="node-content-wrapper">
              <igx-icon class="company-logo">{{ data.Logo }}</igx-icon>
              <div class="company-name">{{ data.CompanyName }}</div>
        </div>
    </ng-template>
</igx-tree>
```

        </ng-template>
        <igx-tree-node *ngFor="let child of node.ChildCompanies" [data]="child">
            {{ child.CompanyName }}                           
        </igx-tree-node>
    </igx-tree-node>                      
                   
    <ng-template #nodeTemplate let-node>
        <igx-combo type="line" [(ngModel)]="node.CompanyName" [displayKey]="'CompanyName'" [data]="data" width="220px"></igx-combo>
    </ng-template>
</igx-tree>
```
Additionally, by using the [expandIndicator]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#expandIndicator) input you have the ability to set a custom template to be used for rendering the expand/collapse indicators of nodes.
```html
<igx-tree>
    <igx-tree-node *ngFor="let node of data" [data]="node">
    </igx-tree-node>
    <ng-template igxTreeExpandIndicator let-expanded>
        <igx-icon>{{ expanded ? 'expand_less' : 'expand_more' }}</igx-icon>
    </ng-template>
</igx-tree>
```

## Angular Tree Selection

> In order to setup node selection in the `igx-tree`, you just need to set its [selection]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#selection) property. This property accepts the following three modes: **None**, **Bi-State** and **Cascading**. Below we will take a look at each of them in more detail.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
In order to setup node selection in the `igx-tree`, you just need to set its [selection]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#selection) property. This property accepts the following three modes: **None**, **BiState**, and **Cascading**. Below we will take a look at each of them in more detail.
```

### None
In the `igx-tree` by default node selection is disabled. Users cannot select or deselect a row through UI interaction, but these actions can still be completed through the provided API method.
### Bi-State

> To enable bi-state node selection in the `igx-tree` just set the [selection]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#selection) property to **BiState**. This will render a checkbox for every node.  Each node has two states - selected or not.  This mode supports multiple selection.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To enable bi-state node selection in the `igx-tree` just set the [selection]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#selection) property to **BiState**. This will render a checkbox for every node. Each node has two states - selected or not. This mode supports multiple selection.
```

```html
<igx-tree [selection]="'BiState'">
</igx-tree>
```
### Cascading

> To enable cascade node selection in the `igx-tree` just set the selection property to **Cascading**. This will render a checkbox for every node. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To enable cascade node selection in the `igx-tree`, just set the selection property to **Cascading**. This will render a checkbox for every node. 
```

 - <kbd>Arrow Up</kbd> - navigates to the previous visible node. Marks the node as active. Does nothing if on the FIRST node
 - <kbd>Ctrl + Arrow Up</kbd> - navigates to the previous visible node. Does nothing if on the FIRST node
 - <kbd>Arrow Left</kbd> - on an expanded parent node, collapses it. If on a child node, moves to its parent node.
 - <kbd>Arrow Right</kbd> - on an expanded parent node, navigates to the first child of the node. If on a collapsed parent node, expands it.
 - <kbd>Home</kbd> - navigates to the FIRST node
 - <kbd>End</kbd> - navigates to the LAST visible node
 - <kbd>Tab</kbd> - navigates to the next focusable element on the page, outside of the tree
 - <kbd>Shift + Tab</kbd> - navigates to the previous focusable element on the page, outside of the tree
 - <kbd>Space</kbd> - toggles selection of the current node. Marks the node as active.
 - <kbd>Shift + Space</kbd> - toggles selection of all nodes between the active one and the one pressed Space while holding Shift if selection is enabled
 - <kbd>Enter</kbd> - activates the focused node. If the node has link in it, open the link
 - <kbd>*</kbd> - expands the node and all sibling nodes on the same level

> When selection is enabled, end-user selection of nodes is only allowed through the rendered checkbox. Since both selection types allow multiple selection, the following mouse + keyboard interactions are available

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
When selection is enabled, end-user selection of nodes is only allowed through the rendered checkbox. Since both selection types allow multiple selection, the following mouse + keyboard interactions are available:
```

### Demo
<code-view style="height: 513px" 
           data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}" 
           iframe-src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/lists/tree-advanced-sample" alt="Tree Load On Demand Example">
</code-view>

After the user clicks the expand icon, it is replaced by a loading indicator. When the [loading]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#loading) property resolves to false, the loading indicator disappears and the children are loaded.

## Angular Tree Styling
Using the [Ignite UI for Angular Theming](themes/index.md), we can greatly alter the tree appearance. First, in order for us to use the functions exposed by the theme engine, we need to import the `index` file in our style file: 

```scss
@import '~igniteui-angular/lib/core/styles/themes/index';
```

Following the simplest approach, we create a new theme that extends the [igx-tree-theme]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-tree-theme) and pass the parameters, which we would like to change: 
```scss

> $custom-tree-theme: igx-tree-theme(
>     $background-selected: #ffe6cc,
>     $background-active:#ECAA53,
>     $background-active-selected:  #ff8c1a
> );

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
$custom-tree-theme: igx-tree-theme(
    $background-selected: #ffe6cc,
    $background-active: #ecaa53,
    $background-active-selected: #ff8c1a
);
```

```

### Using CSS Variables

The last step is to include the component's theme.
```scss
:host {
    @include igx-css-vars($custom-tree-theme);
}
```

### Using Theme Overrides

In order to style components for older browsers, like Internet Explorer 11, we have to use a different approach, since CSS variables are not supported there.

If the component is using the [Emulated](themes/component-themes.md#view-encapsulation) ViewEncapsulation, it is necessary to `penetrate` this encapsulation using `::ng-deep`. To prevent the custom theme to leak into other components, be sure to include the `:host` selector before `::ng-deep`: 
```scss
:host {
    ::ng-deep {

>         @include igx-combo($custom-tree-theme);    

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
        @include igx-tree($custom-tree-theme);    
```

Nodes provide [disabled]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#disabled), [active]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#active), [selected]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#selected) and [expanded]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#expanded) properties, which give you opportunity to configure the states of the node as per your requirement. 
[data]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#data) property can be used to add a reference to the data entry the node represents. Binding `[data]` is required for searching through nodes using [IgxTreeComponent.findNodes()]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#findNodes).

### Declaring a tree

Nodes can be declared using one of the following approaches.

- Declaring the tree and its nodes by specifying the node hierarchy and iterating through a data set

```html
<igx-tree>
	<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let node of data" [data]="node" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(node)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(node)">
		{{ node.text }}

> 		<img [src]="node.image" alt="node.imageAlt" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		<img [src]="node.image" [alt]="node.imageAlt" />
```

		<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let child of node.children" [data]="child" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(child)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(child)">
            {{ child.text }}
		</igx-tree-node>
	</igx-tree-node>
</igx-tree>
```

Nodes can be bound to a data model so that their expanded and selected states are reflected in the underlying data as well.

```html
<igx-tree (nodeSelection)="handleSelectionEvent($event)">
	<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let nodes of data" [data]="node" [(expanded)]="node.expanded" [(selected)]="node.selected">
		{{ node.text }}

> 		<img [src]="node.image" alt="node.imageAlt" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		<img [src]="node.image" [alt]="node.imageAlt" />
```

		<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let child of node.children" [data]="child">

> 			<a igxTreeNodeLink href="child.url" target="_blank">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			<a igxTreeNodeLink [href]="child.url" target="_blank">
```

                {{ child.text }}
            </a>
		</igx-tree-node>
	</igx-tree-node>
</igx-tree>
```

- Declaring a tree by creating static unbound nodes

In order to render a tree you do not necessarily need a data set - individual nodes can be created without an underlying data model:

```html
<igx-tree>
	<igx-tree-node [expanded]="true" [selected]="false">
		I am a parent node 1
		<img [src]="hard_coded_src.webb" alt="Alt Text" />		
		<igx-tree-node [expanded]="true" [selected]="false">
			I am a child node 1

> 			<igx-tree-url-node [url]="https://google.com">

Reviewer: This is not valid, as we don't expose `igx-tree-url-node` selector.

Should be something like this:
```html
<igx-tree>
	<igx-tree-node [expanded]="true" [selected]="false">
		I am a parent node 1
		<img src="hard_coded_src.webb" alt="Alt Text" />		
		<igx-tree-node [expanded]="true" [selected]="false">
			I am a child node 1
			<igx-tree-node>
				<a igxTreeNodeLink href="https://google.com" target="_blank">
				    I am a child node of the child
				</a>
			</igx-tree-node>
		</igx-tree-node>
	</igx-tree-node>

	<igx-tree-node [expanded]="false" [selected]="false">
		I am a parent node 2
		<img [src]="hard_coded_src.webb" alt="Alt Text" />
                <igx-tree-node [expanded]="false" [selected]="false">
			        I am a child node 1
		        </igx-tree-node>
	        </igx-tree-node>

       <igx-tree-node [selected]="false" [disabled]="true">
		I am a parent node 3
	</igx-tree-node>
</igx-tree>
```

				I am a child node of the child
			</igx-tree-url-node>
		</igx-tree-node>
	</igx-tree-node>
	
	<igx-tree-node [expanded]="false" [selected]="false">
		I am a parent node 2

> 		<img [src]="hard_coded_src.webb" alt="Alt Text" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		<img src="hard_coded_src.webb" alt="Alt Text" />
```

        <igx-tree-node [expanded]="false" [selected]="false">
			I am a child node 1
		</igx-tree-node>
	</igx-tree-node>
	
    <igx-tree-node [selected]="false" [disabled]="true">
		I am a parent node 3
	</igx-tree-node>
</igx-tree>
```

### Nodes with links

> When a node should render a link, the `IgxTreeNodeLink` directive should be added to the <**a**> tag. This will ensure the proper aria role is assigned to the node's DOM elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a node should render a link, the `IgxTreeNodeLink` directive should be added to the `<a>` tag. This will ensure the proper aria role is assigned to the node's DOM elements.
```

```html
<igx-tree>

> 	<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let nodes of data" [data]="node" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(node)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(node)">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let node of data" [data]="node" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(node)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(node)">
```

		{{ node.text }}

> 		<img [src]="node.image" alt="node.imageAlt" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		<img [src]="node.image" [alt]="node.imageAlt" />
```

		<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let child of node.children" [data]="child">

>             <a igxTreeNodeLink href="child.url" target="_blank">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <a igxTreeNodeLink [href]="child.url" target="_blank">
```

- [**toggle**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#toggle) - toggles node expansion state with animation.
- [**collapseAll**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#collapseAll) - collapses the specified nodes with animation. If no nodes are passed, collapses all parent nodes.
- [**expandAll**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#expandAll) - sets the specified nodes as expanded with animation. If no nodes are passed, expands all parent nodes.
- [**deselectAll**]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#deselectAll) - deselects all nodes. If a nodes array is passed, deselects only the specified nodes. Does not emit nodeSelection event.

### Finding Nodes
You can find a specific node within an IgxTree by using the [findNodes]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#findNodes) method. It returns an array of nodes, which match the specified data.
When finding nodes in more complex data structure scenarios, like composite primary keys, you can pass a custom comparer function in order to specify the criteria for finding nodes based on the data.
```html
<igx-tree>

> 	<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let nodes of data" [data]="node" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(node)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(node)">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let node of data" [data]="node" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(node)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(node)">
```

		{{ node.text }}
		<img [src]="node.image" alt="node.imageAlt" />
		<igx-tree-node *ngFor="let child of node.children" [data]="child" [expanded]="isNodeExpaded(child)" [selected]="isNodeSelected(child)">
            {{ child.text }}
		</igx-tree-node>
	</igx-tree-node>
</igx-tree>
```
```typescript
export class MyTreeViewComponent {
  public data: { [key: string]: any, valueKey: string } = MY_DATA;
  @ViewChild(IgxTreeComponent, { read: IgxTreeComponent })
  public tree;

  findNode(valueKey: string) {
    const comparer: IgxTreeSearchResolver =
      (data: any, node: IgxTreeNodeComponent) => node.data.valueKey === data;
    const matchingNodes: IgxTreeNode<{ [key: string]: any, valueKey: string }>[] = this.tree.findNodes(valueKey, comparer);
  }
}
```
### Templating
To create a reusable template for your nodes, declare `<ng-template>` **within `igx-tree`**. 
```html
<igx-tree>
    <igx-tree-node *ngFor="let node of data" [data]="node">

>         <ng-template *ngTemplateOutlet="#nodeTemplate; context: { $implicit: data }"></ng-template>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <ng-template *ngTemplateOutlet="#nodeTemplate; context: { $implicit: node }"></ng-template>
```

        </igx-tree-node>
    </igx-tree-node>
    <ng-template #nodeTemplate let-data>
        <div class="node-header company">
            <igx-icon class="company__logo">{{ data.Logo }}</igx-icon>
            <div class="company__name">{{ data.CompanyName }}</div>
        </div>
    </ng-template>
</igx-tree>
```
Additionally, by using the [expandIndicator]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#expandIndicator) input you have the ability to set a custom template to be used for rendering the expand/collapse indicators of nodes.
```html
<igx-tree>
    <igx-tree-node *ngFor="let node of data" [data]="node">
    </igx-tree-node>
    <ng-template igxTreeExpandIndicator let-expanded>
        <igx-icon>{{ expanded ? 'expand_less' : 'expand_more' }}</igx-icon>
    </ng-template>
</igx-tree>
```

## Angular Tree Selection
In order to setup node selection in the `igx-tree`, you just need to set its [selection]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#selection) property. This property accepts the following three modes: **None**, **BiState** and **Cascading**. Below we will take a look at each of them in more detail.
### None

> In the `igx-tree` by default node selection is disabled. Users cannot select or deselect a row through UI interaction, but these actions can still be completed through the provided API method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `igx-tree` by default node selection is disabled. Users cannot select or deselect a node through UI interaction, but these actions can still be completed through the provided API method.
```

### Bi-State
To enable bi-state node selection in the `igx-tree` just set the [selection]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreecomponent.html#selection) property to **BiState**. This will render a checkbox for every node. Each node has two states - selected or not. This mode supports multiple selection.
```html
<igx-tree [selection]="'BiState'">
</igx-tree>
```
### Cascading
To enable cascading node selection in the `igx-tree`, just set the selection property to **Cascading**. This will render a checkbox for every node. 
```html

> <igx-tree [selection]="'Cascading'">

Reviewer: Not that it won't work like this, it just makes the template less readable
```suggestion
<igx-tree selection="Cascading">
```

 - <kbd>Click</kbd> - when performed on the node checkbox, toggles selection of the node if selection is enabled. Otherwise, focuses the node
 - <kbd>Shift + Click</kbd> - when performed on the node checkbox, toggles selection of all nodes between the active one and the one clicked while holding Shift if selection is enabled

## Angular Tree Load On Demand

The Ignite UI for Angular IgxTree can be rendered in such way that it requires the minimal amount of data to be retrieved from the server so the user could see it as quickly as possible. With this dynamic data loading approach, only after the user expands a node, the children for that particular parent node will be retrieved. This mechanism, also known as Load on Demand, can be easily configured to work with any remote data.
### Demo
<code-view style="height: 513px" 
           data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}" 
           iframe-src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/lists/tree-advanced-sample" alt="Tree Load On Demand Example">
</code-view>

> After the user clicks the expand icon, it is replaced by a loading indicator. When the [loading]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#loading) property resolves to false, the loading indicator disappears and the children are loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the user clicks the expand icon, it is replaced by a loading indicator. When the [loading]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxtreenodecomponent.html#loading) property resolves to `false`, the loading indicator disappears and the children are loaded.
```
